And as, with
our dumb animals, a child's inability convincingly
to impart its thoughts to us, should not class it as
ignorant.

Upon this basis I am going to show you how
a bunch of bright young folks did find a champion ;
a man with boys and girls of his own ; a man of so
dominating and happy individuality that Youth is
drawn to him as is a fly to a suga- bowl. It is a
story about a small town. It is not a gossipy yarn ;
nor is it a dry, monotonous account, full of such cus-
tomary "fill-ins" as "romantic moonlight casting
murky shadows down a long, winding country
road." Nor will it say anything about tinklings
lulling distant folds; robins carolling at twilight,
nor any "warm glow of lamplight" from a cabin
window. No. It is an account of up-and-doing
activity; a vivid portrayal of Youth as it is today;
and a practical discarding of that worn-out notion
that "a child don't know anything."

Now, any author, from history's dawn,
always had that most important aid to writing:
an ability to call upon any word in his dictionary in
tjuilding up his story. That is, our strict laws as to
ord construction did not block his path. But in

my story that mighty obstruction will constantly
stand in my path ; for many an important, common
word I cannot adopt, owing to its orthography.

I shall act as a sort of historian for this small
town; associating with its inhabitants, and striving
to acquaint you with its youths, in such a way that
you can look, knowingly, upon any child, rich or
poor; forward or "backward;" your own, or John
Smith's, in your community. You will find many
young minds aspiring to know how, and WHY such
a thing is so. And, if a child shows curiosity in that
way, how ridiculous it is for you to snap out ;

"Oh! Don't ask about things too old for
you!

Such a jolt to a young child's mind, craving
instruction, is apt so to dull its avidity, as to hold it
back in its school work. Try to look upon a child
as a small, soft young body and a rapidly growing,
constantly inquiring brain. It must grow to matur-
ity slowly. Forcing a child through school by con-
stant night study during hours in which it should
run and play, can bring on insomnia; handicap-
ping both brain and body.

Now this small town in our story had grown
in just that way ; slowly ; in fact, much too slowly
to stand on a par with many a thousand of its kind
in this big, vigorous nation of ours. It was simply stagnating ; just as a small mountain brook, coming
to a hollow, might stop, and sink from sight,
through not having a will to find a way through that
obstruction ; or around it.